Pixelmon or Cobblemon. These are two of
the biggest mods ever, replicating
Pokemon in Minecraft, and I wanted to
play recently, so did some research.
Pixelmon has been around much longer and
is what I grew up playing. It has tons
of tried and tested features, and every
Pokemon 3D modeled. It's just the
classic experience. Cobblemon is more
focused towards aesthetics. The Pokémon
are made to fit a Minecraft theme with
very nice intricate animations. And
really, the whole mod just looks better.
But it is missing some core features
like gyms, breeding, and so on. But
Cobblemon's catching up, and I think
it'll soon surpass Pixelmon in every way
besides nostalgia cuz the style's way
better. But I didn't want to settle for
less features, so went with the Cobble
Verse mod of Cobblemon, which pretty
much adds every feature, and it's been
great so far. So that's my
recommendation.